Specialize `rhs!` for different backends (#3113)
trixi-framework/Trixi.jl: NEWS.md

used in the Julia ecosystem. Notable changes will be documented in this file
for human readability.

## Changes when updating to v0.17 from v0.16.x

#### Changed

> - The `rhs!` function now dispatches additionally on the backend type ([#3113]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The internal ODE right-hand side functions such as `rhs!` now dispatch additionally on the backend type ([#3113]). The public interface `rhs!(du_ode, u_ode, semi, t)` is unchanged.
```

> - The internal ODE right-hand side functions such as `rhs!` now dispatch additionally on the backend type ([#3113]). The public interface `rhs!(du_ode, u_ode, semi, t)` is unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The internal ODE right-hand side functions such as `rhs!` and `rhs_parabolic!` now dispatch additionally on the backend type ([#3113]). The public interface `rhs!(du_ode, u_ode, semi, t)` is unchanged.
```

  This is a concrete implementation for `AbstractThermallyPerfectGas` that uses a 9th order polynomial fit to the NASA polynomials for specific heat capacities, as described in the corresponding [NASA Technical Publication](https://ntrs.nasa.gov/citations/20020085330).
  This EOS allows for temperature-dependent specific heat capacities (`c_p(T)`, `c_v(T)`) and ratio of specific heats (`\gamma(T)`), while obeying the ideal gas law to relate pressure, density, and temperature ([#3079]).
  This equation of state needs to be supplied to `NonIdealCompressibleEulerEquations`.

> - The `rhs!` function now dispatches additionally on the backend type ([#3113]).

Reviewer: Can you please move this to the new breaking changes when updating to the next version of Trixi.jl?

Author: I've added the new entry as a breaking change.
